README.md, before:

# Drink Plaza

Drink Plaza is the home of high class cocktail recipes. This site was created with the intention to help people explore their tastebuds. Drink Plaza will be useful for people who are unsure of what cocktails they are going to mix during gatherings such as birthday parties, holidays, and family dinners.



![Responsive Mockup](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/mockup.jpg?raw=true)

## Features

Here is a presentation of the different features added into Drink Plaza.

### Existing Features

- __Navigation Bar__

  - Featured on all three pages, the full responsive navigation bar includes links to the Logo, Home page, Recipes, and Subscription page and is identical in each page to allow for easy navigation.
  - This section will allow the user to easily navigate from page to page across all devices without having to revert back to the previous page via the ‘back’ button.
  - The navigation bar changes appearance depending on your screen size for better user experience.

![Nav Bar](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/headernavbar.jpg?raw=true)
![Nav Bar Small Screen](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/navbarsmallscreen.jpg?raw=true)

- __The landing page image__

  - The landing includes a photograph with text overlay to allow the user to see exactly which location this site would be applicable to.
  - This section introduces the user to Drink Plaza with an eye catching animation to grab their attention

![Landing Page](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/heroandcover.jpg?raw=true)

- __Recipes Section__

  - Drink Plaza provides a variety of high class cocktail recipes. A image of the drink and the ingredients are clearly displayed for better user experience.
  - The users of Drink Plaza will be encouraged to mix the shown cocktails when they see the images displayed.

![Recipes Page](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/recipes.jpg?raw=true)

- __Subscription Section__

  - This section will allow the user to subscribe to our weekly newsletter.
  - A weekly newsletter will be sent to the registered users, giving information regarding new popular drinks.

![Subscription Form](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/subscription.jpg?raw=true)

- __The Footer__

  - The footer section includes links to the relevant social media sites for Drink Plaza. The links will open to a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user.
  - The footer is valuable to the user as it encourages them to keep connected via social media

![Footer](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/footer.jpg?raw=true)

- __Information Section__

  - The information section will provide information and questions regarding the idea of Drink Plaza.
  - This section is valuable to the user as they will be able to easily identify the reasons we exist.

![Information Section](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/infofirstpage.jpg?raw=true)

### Features Left to Implement

- Another feature idea

## Testing

- Every function has been tested and works as intended. 
- The links in the navigation bar and Logo directs the user to the designated section and homepage.
- A message saying "Your subscription has been fully registered!" will pop up when the user submits for the weekly newsletter, as intended.
- The Social Media icons in the footer redirects the user to the designated social medias which will open up in a tew tab, as inteded.
- Every 

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

### Validator Testing

- HTML
  - No errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fcode-institute-org.github.io%2Flove-running-2.0%2Findex.html)
- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fvalidator.w3.org%2Fnu%2F%3Fdoc%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fcode-institute-org.github.io%252Flove-running-2.0%252Findex.html&profile=css3svg&usermedium=all&warning=1&vextwarning=&lang=en#css)

### Unfixed Bugs

You will need to mention unfixed bugs and why they were not fixed. This section should include shortcomings of the frameworks or technologies used. Although time can be a big variable to consider, paucity of time and difficulty understanding implementation is not a valid reason to leave bugs unfixed.

## Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub)

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:
  - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab
  - From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch
  - Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment.

The live link can be found here - <https://code-institute-org.github.io/love-running-2.0/index.html>

## Credits

In this section you need to reference where you got your content, media and extra help from. It is common practice to use code from other repositories and tutorials, however, it is important to be very specific about these sources to avoid plagiarism.

You can break the credits section up into Content and Media, depending on what you have included in your project.

### Content

- The text for the Home page was taken from Wikipedia Article A
- Instructions on how to implement form validation on the Sign Up page was taken from [Specific YouTube Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/)
- The icons in the footer were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

### Media

- The photos used on the home and sign up page are from This Open Source site
- The images used for the gallery page were taken from this other open source site

Congratulations on completing your Readme, you have made another big stride in the direction of being a developer!

## Other General Project Advice

Below you will find a couple of extra tips that may be helpful when completing your project. Remember that each of these projects will become part of your final portfolio so it’s important to allow enough time to showcase your best work!

- One of the most basic elements of keeping a healthy commit history is with the commit message. When getting started with your project, read through [this article](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/) by Chris Beams on How to Write  a Git Commit Message
  - Make sure to keep the messages in the imperative mood

- When naming the files in your project directory, make sure to consider meaningful naming of files, point to specific names and sections of content.
  - For example, instead of naming an image used ‘image1.png’ consider naming it ‘landing_page_img.png’. This will ensure that there are clear file paths kept.

- Do some extra research on good and bad coding practices, there are a handful of useful articles to read, consider reviewing the following list when getting started:
  - [Writing Your Best Code](https://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/writing-your-best-code/)
  - [HTML & CSS Coding Best Practices](https://medium.com/@inceptiondj.info/html-css-coding-best-practice-fadb9870a00f)
  - [Google HTML/CSS Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/htmlcssguide.html#General)

Getting started with your Portfolio Projects can be daunting, planning your project can make it a lot easier to tackle, take small steps to reach the final outcome and enjoy the process!

Commit message:

Add more context to the readme file

README.md, after:

# Drink Plaza

Drink Plaza is the home of high class cocktail recipes. This site was created with the intention to help people explore their tastebuds. Drink Plaza will be useful for people who are unsure of what cocktails they are going to mix during gatherings such as birthday parties, holidays, and family dinners.



![Responsive Mockup](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/mockup.jpg?raw=true)

## Features

Here is a presentation of the different features added into Drink Plaza.

### Existing Features

- __Navigation Bar__

  - Featured on all three pages, the full responsive navigation bar includes links to the Logo, Home page, Recipes, and Subscription page and is identical in each page to allow for easy navigation.
  - This section will allow the user to easily navigate from page to page across all devices without having to revert back to the previous page via the ‘back’ button.
  - The navigation bar changes appearance depending on your screen size for better user experience.

![Nav Bar](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/headernavbar.jpg?raw=true)
![Nav Bar Small Screen](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/navbarsmallscreen.jpg?raw=true)

- __The landing page image__

  - The landing includes a photograph with text overlay to allow the user to see exactly which location this site would be applicable to.
  - This section introduces the user to Drink Plaza with an eye catching animation to grab their attention

![Landing Page](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/heroandcover.jpg?raw=true)

- __Recipes Section__

  - Drink Plaza provides a variety of high class cocktail recipes. A image of the drink and the ingredients are clearly displayed for better user experience.
  - The users of Drink Plaza will be encouraged to mix the shown cocktails when they see the images displayed.

![Recipes Page](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/recipes.jpg?raw=true)

- __Subscription Section__

  - This section will allow the user to subscribe to our weekly newsletter.
  - A weekly newsletter will be sent to the registered users, giving information regarding new popular drinks.

![Subscription Form](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/subscription.jpg?raw=true)

- __The Footer__

  - The footer section includes links to the relevant social media sites for Drink Plaza. The links will open to a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user.
  - The footer is valuable to the user as it encourages them to keep connected via social media

![Footer](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/footer.jpg?raw=true)

- __Information Section__

  - The information section will provide information and questions regarding the idea of Drink Plaza.
  - This section is valuable to the user as they will be able to easily identify the reasons we exist.

![Information Section](https://github.com/AlexSunner/drink-plaza/blob/main/assets/readmephotos/infofirstpage.jpg?raw=true)

### Features Left to Implement

- Another feature idea

## Testing

- Every function has been tested and works as intended. 
- The links in the navigation bar and Logo directs the user to the designated section and homepage.
- A message saying "Your subscription has been fully registered!" will pop up when the user submits for the weekly newsletter, as intended.
- The Social Media icons in the footer redirects the user to the designated social medias which will open up in a tew tab, as inteded.

### Media Query Responsiveness

- The interface is responsive to different screen sizes.
- If the user screen size has a maximum width of 700 pixels, the navigation bar will appear vertically.
- If the user screen size is bigger than 700 pixels, the navigation bar will appear horizontally.
- The different media queries are Maximum width of 700 pixels, and a maximum width of 2560 pixels.

### Validator Testing

- HTML
  - No errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Falexsunner.github.io%2Fdrink-plaza%2F)
- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Falexsunner.github.io%2Fdrink-plaza%2F&profile=css3svg&usermedium=all&warning=1&vextwarning=&lang=en)

### Unfixed Bugs

- No unfixed bugs has been left to display, nor has any bugs been encountered.

## Deployment

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:
  - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab
  - From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch
  - Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment.

The live link can be found here - <https://alexsunner.github.io/drink-plaza/>

## Credits

### Content

- The text for the Home page was taken from <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cocktail> and also from <https://www.quora.com/Why-does-people-like-cocktail-drinks>
- Instructions on how to implement form validation on the Sign Up page was taken from [Specific YouTube Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/)
- The icons in the footer were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

### Media

- The photos used on the home and sign up page are from This Open Source site
- The images used for the gallery page were taken from this other open source site

Congratulations on completing your Readme, you have made another big stride in the direction of being a developer!

## Other General Project Advice

Below you will find a couple of extra tips that may be helpful when completing your project. Remember that each of these projects will become part of your final portfolio so it’s important to allow enough time to showcase your best work!

- One of the most basic elements of keeping a healthy commit history is with the commit message. When getting started with your project, read through [this article](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/) by Chris Beams on How to Write  a Git Commit Message
  - Make sure to keep the messages in the imperative mood

- When naming the files in your project directory, make sure to consider meaningful naming of files, point to specific names and sections of content.
  - For example, instead of naming an image used ‘image1.png’ consider naming it ‘landing_page_img.png’. This will ensure that there are clear file paths kept.

- Do some extra research on good and bad coding practices, there are a handful of useful articles to read, consider reviewing the following list when getting started:
  - [Writing Your Best Code](https://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/writing-your-best-code/)
  - [HTML & CSS Coding Best Practices](https://medium.com/@inceptiondj.info/html-css-coding-best-practice-fadb9870a00f)
  - [Google HTML/CSS Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/htmlcssguide.html#General)

Getting started with your Portfolio Projects can be daunting, planning your project can make it a lot easier to tackle, take small steps to reach the final outcome and enjoy the process!
